If at first you don't succeed; call it version 1.0

I'm not anti-social; I'm just not user friendly

In a world without fences and walls, who needs Gates and Windows?

The box said 'Requires Windows 95 or better'. So I installed LINUX

Linux, DOS and Windows...the good, the bad and the ugly

The code that is the hardest to debug is the code that you know cannot possibly be wrong

UNIX is basically a simple operating system, but you have to be a genius to understand the simplicity

LISP = Lots of Irritating Silly Parentheses

We are sorry, but the number you have dialed is imaginary. Please rotate your phone 90 degrees and try again

Bad or corrupt header, go get a haircut

Computers make very fast, very accurate mistakes

Shell to DOS...Come in DOS, do you copy? Shell to DOS...

A typical Yahoo! inbox : Inbox(0), Junk(9855210)

Unix is user friendly...its just selective about who its friends are

FUBAR - where Geeks go for a drink

Windows 98 supports real multitasking - it can boot and crash simultaneously

If Ruby is not and Perl is the answer, you don't understand the question

Unix...best if used before: Tue Jan 19 03:14:08 GMT 2038

God is real, unless declared integer

Some things Man was never meant to know. For everything else, there's Google.

My attitude isn?t bad. It's beta.

A logician tells a colleague his wife just had a baby.
- Is it a boy or a girl?
- Yes.

A cop pulls over Werner Heisenberg and says, "Sir, do you know how fast you were going?"
Heisenberg responds, "NO, but I know EXACTLY where I am."

Black holes are where God divided by zero.

Linus Torvalds: "Real men don?t use backups, they post their stuff on a public ftp server and let the rest of the world make copies."

Two antennas met on a roof, fell in love and got married. The ceremony wasn?t much, but the reception was excellent.

DEAR WHOEVER STOLE MY COPY OF MICROSOFT OFFICE - I WILL TRACK YOU DOWN. YOU HAVE MY WORD.

I'd tell you a joke about UDP? but you probably wouldn't get it.

Two scientists walk into a bar. The first one says "I'll some H20". The second says "I'll have some H20 too". The second man died.

What does a chemist say when he finds two helium molecule?
HeHe

What is your new year resolution? 1920x1080

Once upon a time, a computer programmer drowned at sea.  Many were on the beach and heard him cry out, "F1!  F1!", but no one understood.

The problem with git jokes is everyone has their own version.

--
